MTM-46453 Added requirements for all major cockpit features. (#532)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/cockpit-bundle/exports.md

  - /users-guide/cockpit/#export
---

The export functionality lets you export specific data to either CSV or Excel files.

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

- To view exports: READ permission for permission type "Inventory"

> - To edit exports: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To edit an export: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
```

- To add a new export: CREATE or ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
- To schedule an export: ADMIN permission for permission type "Schedule export"

> - To duplicate exports: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To duplicate an export: ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
```
